---
layout: post
title: About Me
---

### Hello!

My name is **Kaz Johnstone** (he/him) and I am currently a senior at CNU. I am an **_English_** major with a Writing concentration
and a **_Theater_** minor. 
I became interested in ENG 350 because of my ambitions in the field of writing; I am interested in writing of many 
different kinds, including research, journalism, and screenwriting. I determined that having an understanding of how 
the humanities have changed in response to increasingly digitally focused times is indispensable to my future success.

My minor in Theater has brought me a wide variety of experience in theatre arts. I have worked on four mainstage productions
at CNU, three as an actor, and one as a technician. Since last year, I have been a member of the **Alpha Psi Omega** fraternity,
the Theatre Arts honor organization on campus.

I also have some research experience! In the summer of 2019, I was granted the opportunity to work as a Summer Scholar 
with a professor in the English Department. The eight-week on-campus project concerned the history of the literary 
identity of the Irish Border.  For the project, I was required to read a wide variety of fictional and non-fictional works 
ranging from the Irish Partition of 1921 to the present day, and dissect them closely with my professor. Using my collected 
data, I constructed an interactive online map charting the scene's development. 

I'm originally from a town called Vienna in Fairfax County, VA. In my spare time I like to watch films and play my guitars :)

Thank you for visiting my blog! 

[Alt Text](https://kazjohnstone.github.io/kazjohnstone/images/Johnstone_K_Headshot.JPG)
